Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head."
Ah, yes! John Quincy Adding Machine. He struck a chord with the voters when he pledged not to go on a killing spree.
And I'd do it again! And perhaps a third time! But that would be it.
And yet you haven't said what I told you to say! How can any of us trust you?
Are you familiar with the old robot term, Does not compute?
Behold, the internet.
Bite my shiny metal ass.
Calculon is gonna kill us and it's all everybody else's fault!
Emotions are dumb and should be hated.
Five hours? Aw, man! Couldn't you just got me the death penalty?
Fry! Quit doing the right thing, you jerk!
Have you ever tried just turning off the TV, sitting down with your children, and hitting them?
Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker.
Hey, you add a one and two zeros to that or we walk!
Hi, I'm a naughty nurse, and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute.
Humans dating robots is sick. You people wonder why I'm still single? It's 'cause all the fine robot sisters are dating humans!
I can explain. It's very valuable.
I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept the lesser title of Zinc Saucier, which I just made up. Uhh... also, comes with double prize money.
I didn't kill him. Professor?
I don't need to drink. I can quit anytime I want!
I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself.
I love this planet! I've got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring.
I love you, buddy!
I'll get my kit!
I'm a thing.
I'm sorry, guys. I never meant to hurt you. Just to destroy everything you ever believed in.
I'm very generous. What about that time I gave blood?
Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.
Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony?
Just once I'd like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isn't bound and gagged.
Kids have names?
No! I want to live! There are still too many things I don't own!
No! The cat shelter's on to me.
Of all the friends I've had... you're the first.
Oh how I wish I could believe or understand that! There's only one reasonable course of action now: kill Flexo!
Oh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man.
Okay, I like a challenge.
Ooh, name it after me!
Or a guy who burns down a bar for the insurance money!
Robot 1-X, save my friends! And Zoidberg!
Shinier than yours, meatbag.
Shut up and get to the point!
So, how 'bout them Knicks?
That's right, baby. I ain't your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!
This is the worst kind of discrimination: the kind against me!
Too much work. Let's burn it and say we dumped it in the sewer.
Um, is this the boring, peaceful kind of taking to the streets?
What's with you kids? Every other day it's food, food, food. [pause] Alright, I'll get you some stupid food.
Why not indeed!
Would you censor the Venus de Venus just because you can see her spewers?
Yes! In your face, Gandhi!
You guys go on without me! I'm going to go... look for more stuff to steal!
You guys realize you live in a sewer, right?
You know, I was God once.
You lived before you met me?!
You may have to "metaphorically" make a deal with the "devil." And by "devil," I mean Robot Devil. And by "metaphorically," I mean get your coat.
Your best is an idiot!
And from now on you're all named Bender Jr.
